right GJ Bruce's Mike zombies vs. 6am
right it's rocky too depending on if he
wanted with last one came to go he's
charged eur / 0 to three ml add the
other shell to my hands all right yeah
right I rocket down the second wind yep
so the first one who wasn't good enough
yeah yeah I guess I guess that again we
want you picky about everything now the
first one wasn't even like rocky one cuz
rocky rocky didn't necessarily lose much
he tied and then he just didn't win the
belt because if the world championship
every time you didn't hear i have a
report MRI united yep yace okay
grandmasters unnecessary that's a good
time for that boy what the fuck he's
getting the most ridiculous hey watch it
he punched it official summon rocky dick
in if he gets another month's Johnny
yace man rocky to that dick in it that
sack yes shut up man attack pack don't
drop damn it shut up and draw four card
trooper whoa eat you cousin come on
sometimes rocky thank right now isn't
fair rocky doesn't get to side deck hey
all right side a robbery then give a
thug
let me blast you probably should just be
mute them use them and put in your own
commentary about what's been going on
also as a function if you put them on
YouTube they can flag your videos yeah
hey y'all letting you and send a private
yeah we're like only you and your
friends lying um I can't do that can you
don't have a monster good this is good
right knee up this well quick question
spirit of six samurai unequip them and
requip them in the same very low and
that horrible socks man really good
that's like the future and the future is
now the future to suck that's cool
Rocky's Lego hemorrhoids are flaring up
they really are no seriously rocky
weekend losing a hand too by the way
just all right now objects in the hand
right now just in case rocky rocky
things you can hit me or stand back up
the last second hook ammu good they
sound cook cardboard or nothin I can do
the base down right yeah court hard cool
and rocky is severely pissed off that
happen your turn Wow Shogun swings okay
done you go so God how much a good thing
I top deck that I give up a rush and
that was the worst rocky to you've ever
seen all right now everybody hurts to do
she did banter and talk about winning if
block guys guys ass whooped if we sign
back there
right now for me to point out I made
that deck okay I Juicy J full credit for
making this deck but I just ran it
against his zombie deck whoop to that
and he's bitching about side that can
even though I would have put in three
shadow imprisoning mirrors making his
deck nothing so everybody remember that
all right detra it doesn't matter cuz
pyramids are no hipster field like once
every ten fucking years compared to
zombie master me again virus i decked in
three warrior laminations he would have
lost the game he's not going to be side
deck America's a queer I won't because
uh uh uh all right everybody out one I
think it's wreath on yo looking anymore
the greatest night they hit skip my life
I did was to one thing